Docker commands to run pj
1. sudo docker build -t ethereum-wallet-interface.
2. sudo docker run -p 5003:5003 ethereum-wallet-interface

Npm:
1. yarn|npm install
2. yarn|npm start:frontend


Ethereum Wallet Interface
The Ethereum Wallet Interface is a project providing an integration interface with Ethereum wallets. This project leverages the power of React, TypeScript, and Webpack, and utilizes libraries such as ethers, @ethersproject/providers, @web3modal/ethereum, and @walletconnect/web3-provider to interface with wallets and conduct transactions.

The application's theme is dynamically generated by an Artificial Intelligence (AI). It uses advanced machine learning techniques to provide a user-friendly and aesthetically pleasing user interface. The theme adapts to changes in user behavior and preferences, providing a truly personalized user experience.

Integration with Aave protocol is also incorporated, enabling the retrieval of the token list from Aave and facilitating easy interaction with these tokens.

Dependencies
@ethersproject/providers, ethers: These libraries enable interaction with the Ethereum blockchain.
@web3modal/ethereum, @web3modal/react, web3modal: These libraries provide a user interface to allow users to connect to various Ethereum wallets.
@walletconnect/web3-provider: This enables wallets to connect to the dApp via the WalletConnect protocol.
react, react-dom, react-router-dom: These are the core libraries for creating the user interface.
three: This library is used for creating and handling 3D graphics.
wagmi: This library contains utilities and helpers for Ethereum dApps.
Dev-dependencies
@babel/*: Babel and its plugins and presets are used to transpile TypeScript and JSX to JavaScript.
@typescript-eslint/*: These are plugins and parser for ESLint to support TypeScript.
eslint, eslint-plugin-prettier, eslint-plugin-react, and others: These tools ensure code quality.
webpack, webpack-dev-server, webpack-cli, webpack-bundle-analyzer: These tools are used for bundling and development of the application.
html-loader, html-webpack-plugin, style-loader, css-loader, sass-loader: These webpack loaders and plugins handle the processing of HTML, CSS, and Sass files.
dotenv-webpack: This provides integration with environment variables for webpack.
prettier: This tool is used for automatic code formatting.
